Electric beater
Cake tins (2) 6inch


Flour : 200gm
2. Natural Cocoa Powder :30gm
3. Baking Soda : 6gm
4. Salt : 1/4th tsp
5. Sugar : 200gm 
6. Milk : 125gm
7. Water : 125gm
8. Oil : 50gm
9. Melted butter : 50gm 
Method: 
1. Preheat the oven at 180C (OTG mode: upper rod+Lower rod+fan). Grease and line 6inch round tin and keep aside.
2. In a bowl sieve all the dry ingredients together, i.e. Flour, Natural cocoa powder, Baking soda, Salt and Sugar.
3. In another bowl add all the wet ingredients, i.e. Milk, Water, Oil and melted butter, and mix together. 
4. Now gradually incorporate wet ingredients into the dry ones. Mix using cut and fold method to make a smooth batter. Make sure there are no lumps. 
5. Pour the batter into the lined tins and bake it at 180C (OTG mode : Lower rod only) for 35-40 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean.

Soaking syrup 
Ingredients 
Red wide : 30gm 
Water : 10gm 
Method:
1. In a bowl add both the ingredients, i.e. Water and wine and mix them together. Keep aside.

Dark chocolate Mousse 
Ingredients 
1. Whipping Cream : 120gm
2. Dark Coverture : 40gm 
3. Fresh Cream : 15gm 
Method:
1. In a bowl, melt dark chocolate. 
2. In a separate bowl, heat the fresh cream till it steams. Mix this hot cream in the chocolate till it’s smooth. Let it cool a little bit. 
3. Whip the whipping cream in a separate bowl. Once it reaches the stiff peak stage, add the ganache prepared with chocolate and fresh cream. 

Chocolate shavings for Garnish
Ingredients:
Dark compound chocolate bar
Method:
1.Using a peeler start peeling the corner of the chocolate to obtain uneven shavings of the chocolate.
2.Keep in fridge.

Whipping cream for Frosting 
Ingredients 
1. Whipping cream : 200gm
Method:
1. Whip the cream till it reaches soft peak stage. Keep aside. 

Assembly
1.Demould the baked sponges from the 6” round tin using a palette knife by scraping the inside edge of the tin.
2.Now using a serrated knife trim the top of the sponges to level it.
3.Then using a cake leveler split the sponges into two equal layers.
4.Now take a cake base board accordingly and place it on top of the turn table.
5.Place the bottom layer of one of the sponge and soak with soaking syrup using a pastry brush.
6. Pipe a certain quantity of the dark chocolate mousse onto the soaked sponge and spread it using a palette knife to form an even layer.
7.Add the cherry compote 35gm (in each layer).
8.Place another layer of the cake and repeat the above procedure till all the layers are complete. 
9.Make sure to put one of the bottom layers of the cake on the top, upside down for an even look.
10.After the layering of all the sponges is complete, use the left over mousse for crumb coat of the cake. When done, place the cake in the fridge for 15-20 minutes.
11.When the cake is firm, take it out and start frosting with the whipping cream whipped separately. Apply an even layer of the frosting and smoothen it with the help of a straight palette knife of cake scraper.
12.Fill a piping bag with whipping cream with 6B nozzle and make shell design all around the edge of the cake.
13.Start putting the chocolate shavings on the sides and on the top of the cake till fully covered.
14.Decorate with fresh strawberries on top for garnish.